Create jest reporter (#28)
cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard: docs/TerraVerboseReporter.md

# Terra Verbose Reporter

Terra Verbose Reporter is a Jest reporter that logs jest test output to a file with the following attributes.

- The start and end of tests in date-time format

- Name of the tests and whether they've succeeded or failed

**Jest test output Directory**

> Terra Verbose Reporter logs the jest test output in tests/jest/reports/results or test/jest/reports/results depending on whether tests or test is the directory with tests

Reviewer: nit: This can be moved to the next line, since it shows on the same line [here](https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard/blob/27c21ded22944f985f74b64bf7111000b22f9987/docs/TerraVerboseReporter.md)

# Terra Verbose Reporter

Terra Verbose Reporter is a Jest reporter that logs jest test output to a file with the following attributes.

- The start and end of tests in date-time format

- Name of the tests and whether they've succeeded or failed

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

Author: https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard/blob/create-jest-reporter/docs/TerraVerboseReporter.md#usage

Add TerraVerboseReporter as an additional reporter within the jest.config file. Include "default" to avoid overriding default reporters

```javascript
{

>   "reporters": ["default", "terra-toolkit-boneyard/src/jest/TerraVerboseReporter.js"]

Reviewer 3: oops, let's actually drop boneyard - this should still be released as `terra-toolkit`
```suggestion
  "reporters": ["default", "terra-toolkit/src/jest/TerraVerboseReporter.js"]
```

}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Report Format
```

Author: https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard/blob/create-jest-reporter/docs/TerraVerboseReporter.md#report-format

> **This is how the generated log file looks**

Author: https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard/blob/create-jest-reporter/docs/TerraVerboseReporter.md#usage

> # Jest File Reporter

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Terra Verbose Reporter
```

> Jest File Reporter is a reporter that logs jest test output to a file

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Terra Rebose Reporter is a Jest reporter that logs jest test output to a file
```

> - This Reporter will shows us date/time of when the tests are started and when they are finished

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-  the start and end of tests in date-time format```

- Name of the tests and whether they've succeeded or failed

> Add Costume reporter in the jest.config file so that jest knows what reporter to use when outputting the test results.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add TerraVerboseReporter as an additional reporter within the jest.config file. Include "default" to avoid overriding default reporters.
```
```

This will use custom reporter in addition to default reporters that Jest uses.

```javascript
{

>   "reporters": ["default", "<rootDir>/my-custom-reporter.js"]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  "reporters": ["default", "terra-toolkit-boneyard/lib/jest/TerraVerboseReporter.js"]
```

# Terra Verbose Reporter

Terra Verbose Reporter is a Jest reporter that logs jest test output to a file with the following attributes.

- The start and end of tests in date-time format

- Name of the tests and whether they've succeeded or failed

## Usage

Add TerraVerboseReporter as an additional reporter within the jest.config file. Include "default" to avoid overriding default reporters

```javascript
{
  "reporters": ["default", "terra-toolkit/reporters/jest/TerraVerboseReporter.js"]
}
```
## Report Format

> This is how the generated log file looks:

Reviewer 2: Can we add docs on where this is logged to?
